PUD/U-PUD District Standards

Permitted Uses

1. District Purpose and Intent

SAMPLE LANGUAGE – Insert your own text - The UP-2 district is intended to be located in areas designated Mixed Use-B or C on the Future Land Use Map of the Comprehensive Plan and shall apply to compact, linear urban areas with direct access to an arterial roadway. The intent of this district is to promote the redevelopment of areas from lower intensity “strip” development pattern to a more intensive, higher density urban pattern. It is one of the intents of this district to permit the gradual conversion of existing development to the new standards by allowing the continuation of certain existing uses and allowing the conversion of those existing uses to drive-through uses, provided that the new uses meet the development standards of this district and foster an improved pedestrian environment. It is not intended that additional sites within this
district be converted to new drive-through uses.

The UP-2 district shall be located in areas near employment or activity centers with access to public transit. The provisions of this district are intended to promote more intensive and multiple use developments with pedestrian facilitation and orientation. Retail commercial, professional, office, medium density residential, and community and recreational facilities related to principal permitted uses are permitted. This district is not intended to accommodate regional scale commercial and service activities, nor automotive oriented uses (auto sales, service or repair). New residential development that is exclusively residential shall have a minimum gross density of 6 dwelling units per acre and a maximum gross density of 16 dwelling units per acre. New residential development combined with nonresidential development shall have a minimum gross density of 8 dwelling units per acre and a maximum density of 20 dwelling units per acre. The minimum gross density requirements may be eliminated if constraints of concurrency or preservation and/or conservation features preclude the attainment of the minimum densities.

2. Principal Uses

3. Accessory Uses

(1) A use or structure on the same lot with, and of a nature customarily incidental and subordinate to, the principal use or structure and which comprises no more than 33 percent of the floor area or cubic volume of the principal use or structure, as determined by the Land Use Administrator.

(2) Light infrastructure and/or utility services and facilities necessary to serve permitted uses, as determined by the Land Use Administrator.

DEVELOPMENT STANDARDS

5.  Acreage of Use

6. % of Total Agreage

7.  Maximum Density (for residential use) OR Gross Bldg. Square Footage (for non-residential)

8.  Minimum Lot Size
    b. Lot Width
    c. Lot Depth

9.  Min. or Max. Building Setback
    a. Front
    b. Side-Interior Lot
    c. Side-Corner Lot
    d. Rear

10. Maximum Building Restrictions
    b. Lot Width
    c. Lot Depth

11. Parking Requirements
    a. Front
    b. Side-Interior Lot
    c. Side-Corner Lot
    d. Rear

12. Parking Facilities
13. Vehicular Street Access
14. Buffer
15. Signage
16. Lighting
17. Final Site Plan Review
